Refresh project links/docs (#6)
OWASP/www-project-dependency-check: info.md

* [Ant Task](https://github.com/dependency-check/DependencyCheck/releases/download/v12.1.8/dependency-check-ant-12.1.8-release.zip) ([docs](https://dependency-check.github.io/DependencyCheck/dependency-check-ant/index.html))
* [Mac Homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/dependency-check)
* [Container image](https://hub.docker.com/r/owasp/dependency-check)

Unofficial (Not endorsed by OWASP)
* [SBT Plugin](https://github.com/nMoncho/sbt-dependency-check)
* [Leiningen Plugin](https://github.com/livingsocial/lein-dependency-check)

### Integrations

* [SonarQube Plugin](https://github.com/dependency-check/dependency-check-sonar-plugin)
* [Jenkins Plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin)
* [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/dependency-check/Dependency-Check_Action)
* [Azure DevOps Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dependency-check.dependencycheck)

### Documentation

* [Documentation](https://dependency-check.github.io/DependencyCheck/)

### Support

* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/dependency-check/DependencyCheck/issues)

> ### Development
> 
> * [Source Code](https://github.com/dependency-check/DependencyCheck)
> * [Gradle Plugin Source](https://github.com/dependency-check/dependency-check-gradle)
> * [Jenkins Plugin Source](https://github.com/jenkinsci/dependency-check-plugin)
> * [Azure DevOps Extension Source](https://github.com/dependency-check/azuredevops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported by the core dependency-check team:
* [Source Code](https://github.com/dependency-check/DependencyCheck)
* [Gradle Plugin Source](https://github.com/dependency-check/dependency-check-gradle)

Community supported:
* [Jenkins Plugin Source](https://github.com/jenkinsci/dependency-check-plugin)
* [Azure DevOps Extension Source](https://github.com/dependency-check/azuredevops)
```
